okay, if I could advise you to take a lesson from your leadership school
and apply it to your real life, One thing I would advise is take
one or two things that you've learned. Um, and use it. Um, you're gonna
learn a lot of different things, a lot of different skills. Ah,
lot of different, uh, trainings in your leadership school. And it may
be overwhelming, but take one or two things that you think that would
be important to you And use that in your your personal life and
your everyday life. Um, for example, if the one thing that you learned
waas being able to communicate by asking one question, a personal
question or a professional question take that one thing. And if it
works for you as the individual, use that one thing to help you in your
home life